I'm building a website to promote the awareness of "Bohemian Week," a unique way of approaching life during college finals week. Central to Bohemian Week is the concept of sharing--sharing the experience of working on final projects and studying in preparation for final exams, sharing the time of relaxation between periods of work in what current practitioners refer to affectionately as "Activities," and, maybe most importantly, sharing the joy of Bohemian Week.

The application I'm building aims to share Bohemian Week with the world by attempting to explain the philosophy behind Bohemian Week, and, most importantly, by connecting its current practitioners to people new to the idea. This is where the flickr API comes in.

The application will leverage the flickr API by pulling photos from this flickr account (bohemianweek), as well as public photos with relevant tags ("bohemian week"). The application may implement a user submission feature, which would use the flickr API to add appropriate (i.e. moderated, family-friendly), and sufficiently popular user submitted Bohemian Week images, directly to the bohemianweek flickr account. This allows the application to centralize Bohemian Week content in a single, official source, pull from unofficial sources made public by other flickr users (via search-by-tag), and simultaneously to automate the exposure official Bohemian Week content to the wider audience of all flickr users, through the bohemianweek flickr account.

Photos not uploaded through the Bohemian Week website will not be cached by the Bohemian Week application at any point. Users will be made aware that any photos submitted through the Bohemian Week website will be publicly available, and may be added to the bohemianweek flickr account, but until that point, are not part of the flickr service. Photos uploaded through the Bohemian Week website will expire after an as-of-yet undetermined period, and the file will be removed from the Bohemian Week website, including the file and any metadata, or upon addition to the bohemianweek flickr account.

The application will eventually be deployed at http://bohemia.ricecarbs.net
